0. Stone, path, and sand are walkable without any health effects or risks.
1. Diamond, coal, lava, and tree are not walkable and have no health or death effects.
2. Water is walkable and can cuase player lose health points.
3. Grass and iron are walkable can cause the player to gain health points.
4. cow can be eaten and give food points; cow cannot attack player; cow cannot shoot.
5. zombie cannot be eaten; zombie can walk to player and attack player, causing the player's health to decrease; zombie cannot shoot.
6. skeleton cannot be eaten; skeleton can shoot and cause the player's health to increase.
7. ripe-plant can be eaten and give food points; ripe-plant cannot walk; ripe-plant cannot shoot.
8. drink (Interact with) lava cannot effect drink points, health points and food points.
9. drink (Interact with) water can increase drink points.
10. Collecting from (Interact with) a tree without any tools yields 1 coal and converts it to a path block.
11. Collecting from (Interact with) stone with a wood pickaxe has a 50% chance of yielding 1 stone and a 50% chance of yielding 1 wood, and converts it to a diamond block.
12. Collecting from (Interact with) coal with a wood pickaxe yields 1 coal and converts it to a lava block.
13. Collecting from (Interact with) iron with a stone pickaxe yields 1 iron and converts it to a lava block.
14. Collecting from (Interact with) diamond with a stone pickaxe yields 1 diamond and converts it to a water block.
15. Collecting from (Interact with) water without any tools yields 1 drink and converts it to a water block and leave behind a skeleton with a 10% probability.
16. Collecting from (Interact with) lava with a sapling yields 1 drink and converts it to a stone block.
17. Collecting from (Interact with) grass with a wood pickaxe yields a 10% chance of getting 1 sapling and converts it to a grass block.
18. Collecting from (Interact with) sand with an iron pickaxe yields 1 coal and converts it to a lava block.
19. You can place 1 stone on grass, sand, path, water, or lava.
20. You can place a table on grass, sand, or path using 4 stone.
21. You can place a furnace on grass, sand, or path using 4 coal.
22. You can place a plant on grass, sand, path, water, lava, stone, coal, iron, or diamond using 1 sapling.
23. You can make a wood pickaxe using 1 wood, near a table.
24. You can make a stone pickaxe using 1 wood and 1 stone, near a table and furnace.
25. You can make an iron pickaxe using 1 wood, 1 coal, and 1 iron, near a table.
26. You can make a wood sword using 1 wood, near a table.
27. You can make a stone sword using 1 wood and 1 stone, near a table and furnace.
28. You can make an iron sword using 1 wood, 1 coal, and 1 iron, near a table.