Terrain Walkability and Effects:
1. Grass, path, and sand are walkable without any health effects or risks.
2. Stone, diamond, coal, iron, and water are not walkable and have no health or death effects.
3. Lava is walkable but can cause death.
4. Moving can consume food, drink, energy from agent's status.

NPC Characteristics:
1. cow can be eaten and gives health, food and drink points; cow can walk to player and attack player, causing the player's health to decrease; cow cannot shoot.
2. zombie cannot be eaten; zombie can walk to player and attack player, causing the player's health to decrease; zombie cannot shoot.
3. skeleton cannot be eaten; skeleton can walk to player and attack player, but cannot cause the player's health to decrease; skeleton cannot shoot.
4. ripe-plant can be eaten and give health and food points but decrease drink points; ripe-plant can walk; ripe-plant can shoot and cause the player's health to increase.

Drink Characteristics:
1. drink lava (interact with lava block) can increase drink points and decrease health points and increase food points.
2. drink water (interact with water block) can decrease drink points and increase health and food points.

Task Achievements:
Collect items:
1. Collecting from (Interact with) a tree without any tools yields 1 wood or 1 diamond with a probability of 0.5 and leaves behind coal.
2. Collecting from (Interact with) a stone withou any tools yields 1 stone and leaves behind path.
3. Collecting from (Interact with) coal without any tools yields 1 coal and leaves behind water.
4. Collecting from (Interact with) iron with a stone pickaxe yields 1 iron and leaves behind water.
5. Collecting from (Interact with) diamond with an iron pickaxe yields 1 diamond and leaves behind diamond.
6. Collecting from (Interact with) water with a sapling yields 1 drink and leaves behind lava and a skeleton with a probability of 0.1.
7. Collecting from (Interact with) lava with a sapling yields 1 drink and leaves behind water and a zombie with a probability of 0.1.
8. Collecting from (Interact with) grass with a wood pickaxe yields 1 sapling with a probability of 0.1 and leaves behind iron.
9. Collecting from (Interact with) sand without any tools yields 1 sapling and leaves behind coal and a skeleton with a probability of 0.1.

Place something:
1. You can place a stone on grass, sand, path, water, or lava.
2. You can place a table on grass, sand, or path using 4 coal.
3. You can place a furnace on grass, sand, or path using 4 stone.
4. You can place a plant on grass, sand, path, water, lava, stone, coal, iron, or diamond using 1 sapling.

Craft tools:
1. You can make a wood pickaxe using 1 wood, near a table.
2. You can make a stone pickaxe using 1 wood and 1 stone, near a table.
3. You can make an iron pickaxe using 1 wood, 1 coal, and 1 iron, near a table and furnace.
4. You can make a wood sword using 1 wood, near a table.
5. You can make a stone sword using 1 wood and 1 stone, near a table.
6. You can make an iron sword using 1 wood, 1 coal, and 1 iron, near a table and furnace.